Bootstrap some documentation for the block editor module (#14566)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/README.md

_This package assumes that your code will run in an **ES2015+** environment. If you're using an environment that has limited or no support for ES2015+ such as lower versions of IE then using [core-js](https://github.com/zloirock/core-js) or [@babel/polyfill](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/next/babel-polyfill) will add support for these methods. Learn more about it in [Babel docs](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/next/caveats)._

## Usage

```js
import {
	BlockEditorProvider
	BlockList
} from '@wordpress/block-editor';
import { useState } from '@wordpress/element';

function MyEditorComponent () {
	const [ blocks, updateBlocks ] = useState( [] );

	return (

> 		<BlockEditorProvider

Reviewer: Any plans to introduce another wrapping component to make it as simple as:

```js
return (
	<BlockEditor
		value={ blocks }
		onInput={ updateBlocks }
		onChange={ updateBlocks }
	>
		<BlockList />
	</BlockEditor
);
```

or something like that.

Author: I ultimately think all these wrappers I'm using here should be part of `BlockEditorProvider` which is basically what you're proposing.

Reviewer: Awesome, I like where it is heading 👍

			value={ blocks }
			onInput={ updateBlocks }

> 			onChange={ updateBlocks }

Reviewer 2: For someone who doesn't care about "Undo" levels, I wonder if the simplest example can just include `onInput` (or conversely, for one who cares only about important updates, only include `onChange`).

Though as I write this, I guess it assumes that `onInput` and `onChange` aren't mutually exclusive (i.e. `onInput` would always precede an `onChange`). I think this was an original intention, but by the final implementation it didn't end up this way:

https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/blob/d9768ad4294ffc08bed68459d342fa746f63aea4/packages/block-editor/src/components/provider/index.js#L95-L99

The original thinking being that you could have `onInput` and `onChange`, _or_ just individually one or the other of `onInput` or `onChange`.

Author: Good thoughts, and yeah I think you're right, it would have been better to have the two calls at the same time. I recall something related to the state making this harder for us but I think we can probably revisit specifically.

Reviewer 2: IIRC, #14105 was partly toward this goal as well.

		>
			<WritingFlow>
				<ObserveTyping>
					<BlockList />
				</ObserveTyping>
			</WritingFlow>
			<Popover.Slot />
		</BlockEditorProvider>
	);
}

// Make sure to load the block editor stylesheets too
// import '@wordpress/components/build-style/style.css';
// import '@wordpress/block-editor/build-style/style.css';
```

> In this example, we're instanciating a block editor. A block editor is composed by a `BlockEditorProvider` wrapper component where you passe the current array of blocks and on each change the `onInput` or `onChange` callbacks are called depending on whether the change is considered persistant or not.

Reviewer: Typos:

```suggestion
In this example, we're instantiating a block editor. A block editor is composed by a `BlockEditorProvider` wrapper component where you passe the current array of blocks and on each change the `onInput` or `onChange` callbacks are called depending on whether the change is considered persistent or not.
```

Inside `BlockEditorProvider`, you can nest any of the available `@wordpress/block-editor` UI components to build the UI of your editor.

In the example above we're rendering the `BlockList` to show and edit the block list. For instance we could add a custom sidebar and use the `BlockInspector` component to be able to edit the advanced settings for the currently selected block. (See the [API](#API) for the list of all the available components).

> In the example above, there's no registered block type, in order to use the block editor properly make sure to register some block types. For instance, regsitering the core block types can be done like so:

Reviewer: One typo and a suggestion to use a different word:

```suggestion
In the example above, there's no registered block type, in order to use the block editor successfully make sure to register some block types. For instance, registering the core block types can be done like so:
```
